Update 05-trust-contracts.md (#10)
bosagora/docs-bosagora-io: docs/source/05-trust-contracts.md

To overcome performance limitation inherent in blockchain, Trust Contracts utilize [WebAssembly](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). WebAssembly provides a way to run code, written in multiple languages, on the web at near native speed, with client apps running on the web that previously couldn’t have done so.

> The ultimate goal of this architecture is to enble users to build a dedecidable contract, which ensures safe and accurate execution, while maximizing its scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ultimate goal of this architecture is to enable users to build a decidable contract, which ensures safe and accurate execution, while maximizing its scalability.
```

Reviewer: Looks like this suggestion was not applied to fix the typos.
